- [Terezija] Writing clean and modular code
has never been more important.
Doing it the wrong way can lead to huge headaches later.
Spring events give developers an easy way
to implement flexible
and loosely coupled architectural design.
In this course, we'll cover key concepts of Spring events.
You will learn how to avoid bad design,
breaking solid principles, cycling dependencies,
and how easy it is to add new features
without refactoring existing code.
And most importantly,
I'll demonstrate some three key real world scenarios
of using events with resections, (mumbles) calls
and the long running services.
Hi, I'm Terezija Semenski.
I've been a software developer in Java and Spring
for over a decade.
Join me in this course
to learn how Spring events work internally.
What are the benefits and how you can apply them
in your next project.